---
layout: post
title: Design for Learning
description: click here for design for learning
---

### First Reflections ###

Having now spent nearly two weeks with at least two of the classes that I will be teaching in the upcoming weeks I can see some real differences in they way they act and interact, which mainly comes down to the very differing styles of the Kaiako involved. One class has a great deal of energy but perhaps lacks a bit of focus. They also have a much lower level of participation than they other class. In general it seems that it is harder to pull interaction out of the 훮konga and one class than the other. On the flip side as one class is in a more structured environment there is at times a more sedate feel that means that getting energy up for involvement with a new teacher could be a challenge. Overall I feel that in both instances ensuring that the 훮konga see me as a legitimate teacher and getting participation will be my initial hurdles. From a logistics stand point I also have some questions as to how I will deal with devices in class. As one Kaiako has a different approach to the other. I understand that students are allowed devices to access information and facilitate learning, however, it does seem that this is easily abused and can lead to students shifting their focus to their phones rather than the lesson. I may need to revisit what the schools policy is and decide how I will implement that to ensure that I am reasonably consistent with what the 훮konga have experienced in their particular classes to date, but still allows me to keep distractions to a minimum.

### Further Reflections ###

Due to circumstances I am wrapping the last two weeks rather than them individually. However, the take aways are the same. I have really enjoyed getting to know the classes I have been given the opportunity to teach in front of. It has been a real privilege to learn from them and with them over my time here. In a way it has left me more excited about coming back to the school in September. From a learning design aspect I have learned a lot, not everything went as planned and I didn't always leave a class feeling like I had nailed it. But I have had some really good feedback discussion with my AT's who both have a huge wealth of experience in teaching. The balancing act that a Kaiako has to do during every class is a real eye opener, maintain the pace, keeping the focus, allowing a lesson and class to breathe and explore. All this while ensuring that behaviour and standards are maintained, people are respected and the learning environment is safe and supportive. Additionally each class and each 훮konga will be different on any particular day. From Monday first period to Friday last, wet days, special events etc... the differing flows of a school effects how it all comes together. For me I feel that I need more time to understand how to tap into and guide these flows to ensure that my teaching and plans are consistent and effective for all. 
